The Missouri lottery is the
highest it's been in 20 years.
Oh, man, I'd love to win the lottery.
Yeah, I'd stop washing
the sheets on my futon.
I'd just buy new ones every day.
I'd get a bunch of vintage Jordans.
But like, Michael Jordan's Jordans.
I want the actual shoes off his feet.
If I won, you would
not see me here tomorrow.
That is for sure. I would be taking
Thursdays off from now on.
- I'd buy a private island.
- That's my plan too!
I'd go to really expensive stores,
hoping that white women
would be rude to me,
so I could come back with
a bunch of bags and be like,
a ha, big mistake.
Like "Pretty Woman."
I'd drop everything
and travel the world.
You know? No plans, no ties.
Just me and the open road.
So if you're ditching Kelly, dibs.
- Oh, no, I didn't...
- Yeah, no.
Enjoy the open road. Send me a postcard.
I could probably make Thursdays work,
if they really needed me.
If I won, I would resurrect
and then own the dodo.
I'd donate my winnings
to my favorite charity.
They pair wounded veterans
with dogs who have been rescued
from dog-fighting rings.
Part of their therapy is
making art that they sell
to raise funds
for the children's hospital.
It's beautiful.
I, well, I mean,
I would also give to charity.
Yeah, I mean, that's obviously...
Of course I'd give.
Not me. I'll stick with my Jordans idea.
The island would be more of a refuge
for like, animals
or orphans or something.
- Exactly.
- Yeah.
Synced and corrected by hawken45
for www.addic7ed.com
Ooh, someone's all dressed up.
Family court?
Oh, God, I hope it's not
family court, is it?
No, I'm asking Glenn for a raise.
It's just, between the divorce
and putting money away
for Emma's college,
and my car just started making
this, like, maaaa sound.
So it's like, what am I supposed to do?
Wait a minute, are you actually nervous?
- This is Glenn, he loves you.
- I know, it's just, like,
makes me feel self-conscious
to ask for money.
See, this is the problem.
Women aren't socialized
to advocate for higher wages
despite the fact that...
Mm-hmm, I'm going to need you
to turn off podcast mode.
Thanks.
Fair enough.
- 3, 22.
- Oh, those are good.
I picked random ones like 14 and 34.
Those are like, the random ones
that no one picks, so
that's kind of a good plan.
Okay.
Hey, if you won, do you think
we'd still be friends?
Chey, of course.
You'd be my friend from my poor life
who keeps me grounded.
But, then again, I don't
know if I want to keep
a poor person around,
just bumming everyone out.
Ugh.
We could buy our tickets together
- and whoever wins, we split it.
- Cool, let's do it.
Oh, my God, what if I pick
something super out
there, like 41 or 50?
Oh, my God, yes. You have to.
Hey, so, uh, before.
That wasn't anything, right?
Like, of course I wouldn't just
ditch you if I won the lottery.
Yeah, I know, I was just
giving you a hard time.
Okay, good, yeah, yeah,
I mean, you know.
I wasn't, like, saying what I would do.
I was just talking, like,
wildest fantasies.
Oh, okay, so yeah, no,
all you're saying is,
I'm not in your wildest fantasies.
No, no, no, no, I just meant like,
a hypothetical world
where you're not there.
- So dead in your fantasy.
- No, no, no, no.
I just meant, no,
it's like an alternate timeline
where, like, you never
existed in the first place.
Okay, seriously, stop.
I can't take this much romance.
Oh, hey, uh, Glenn, um,
whenever you get a chance,
could we talk about something?
Oh, well I have a chance right now.
- Shoot.
- Oh, um...
No, no, I meant like, later.
Like, in your office.
But, or now. No-no-no, now's good.
- Now's great yeah.
- Now, okay.
Uh, so...
Uh, as you know...
Well, I mean, before I...
before I go there,
I should say that I, um,
Uh, I feel like, um,
I feel like I've...
I've proven myself to be
uh, reliable, and pretty sturdy,
Um, well, sturdy's not
really the word...
Uh, excuse me, I'm sorry.
How do these toilet stools work?
Do you just sit down
and put your feet on it,
or double over and
grab onto it for dear life?
Well, that's annoying.
- I know, right?
- Why are you agreeing with me?
You don't even know
what I'm talking about.
Sorry.
Check out this text from
Colleen at the Bel-Ridge store.
"Biggest jackpot ever.
Wonder who's gonna
sell the most tickets."
She's so competitive,
with her smug cancer survivor smirk.
She sounds like a real piece of work.
You don't even know her.
Why are some women so quick
to judge other women?
I don't know.
I need to find a way
to sell more tickets than her.
- Beat her at her own game.
- Uh-huh.
Don't say "uh-huh."
You don't even know the rest of it.
I don't know why I do it.
Without going into too many details,
the Squatty Potty
basically saved our marriage.
You don't have to push.
It just slides out.
I want a raise!
I'm sorry, that was bad timing.
I was looking for a pause
in the conversation.
Really. There wasn't one.
It was surprisingly a very rich topic.
Okay, well, I will give it a try.
I can always bring it back, right?
Yeah, though you won't want to.
- So...
- Amy, you deserve a raise.
- Thank you.
- But ever since Laurie
was made district manager,
I'm not allowed
to give raises anymore. Or hugs.
Yeah, no, I, uh...
I'm sorry, I shouldn't
have brought that up.
Aw, Amy. Come here.
Nope, I can't do that.
Look, why don't we hug ourselves,
- and then imagine it?
- No, I'm okay.
- No, no, come on.
- I'm... I'm...
- Here you go.
- Okay.
There you... there you go.
♪
I know we're not going
to win, but if we do,
should we get our money
up-front or in installments?
Hmm, I don't know.
Some of my cousins might
try to kill me for the money,
but with installments,
they'll need me alive.
Okay, but if we get the money now,
we could buy something really baller.
Like, maybe a robot that plays music
and is also your dentist and stuff.
Or a yacht, but the captain
is an ape wearing a sailor hat.
If we get a yacht,
do you think we can get
- Mariah Carey to perform on it?
- Oh, yeah.
I want her to sing all of her songs,
and then tell her, "Sorry, Mariah."
"It's not 1994 anymore.
Go cut up some cucumber for our water."
Yes!
Not only did you not get the raise,
you ended up apologizing to him?
I hadn't planned on asking for a raise
while holding a toilet accessory.
I'm sorry, how is this okay?
Isn't there a problem
with people eating these?
Yeah, that's not good.
So wait, hold on, that's it?
You're just going to
take no for an answer?
- Well, what more can I do?
- Take it to Laurie.
Okay, yeah, I'll just mention it to her
the next time she's here.
Ooh, vanilla flavored.
Now I kind of want to try one.
You can't keep waiting around
for the perfect time to ask for a raise
or it's never going to happen.
You should do it now while you
still got your business suit on.
It would be a phone call.
Yeah, but,
she'll hear that business-suit energy.
My mouth is watering.
I can't be around these.
For the next number, uh, 30? 31?
There's really no wrong answer.
You just need to pick another number.
30. No, no, no, no, 31.
- Great, 31 it is.
- No, no, no, mm-mm.
You sounded like
you weren't too into that.
Was 31 a mistake?
- What would you do?
- Well, it's tough.
Because if you pick 30,
you're not gonna win.
- Mm-hmm.
- But if you pick 31,
you're also not gonna win.
So it really depends
on how you want to not win.
- You're a dick.
- Mm-hmm.
Wait, no, it was 31 the whole time.
Dina, I thought about what you said
about women not
supporting other women...
Jesus, just get on with it.
I don't have time for the preamble.
Garrett's being rude to the customers.
A few of them left
before buying lottery tickets.
- What?
- I thought you might want to know
since you're trying to
sell more tickets than Colleen.
Thank you for letting me know.
This is helpful.
Also, Elias has been stealing
discontinued light bulbs.
I hate tattletales!
Laurie Neustadt's office. This is Skye.
- Uh, yes, hi, um, is she in?
- Who is calling?
Amy Dubanowski.
She's not available right now.
Can I take a message?
Um, yeah, could you just
let her know that...
No, no, sorry, is she there?
No, she's not available.
Because you asked who was calling,
and only then did you say
she was unavailable
which implies, to me,
that she is available;
she just doesn't want to take our call.
Um, she's just not available.
Listen, Skye.
I think you're lying to me.
So why don't you do your job
and get her on the phone?
I'm sorry.
I don't really know what I'm doing.
But Miss Neustadt is...
she's a friend of my dad's friend and...
You know what, I'm sorry.
This really isn't my phone call.
Take it away, Amy.
Uh, hey, uh, Syke?
- It's Amy again.
- Hi.
Um, you're doing great.
- Thank you.
- You're doing really great.
Listen, could you just
tell her that I called?
Okay, and what is this regarding?
Um, it's regarding me
asking for a raise.
Oh, um, well, if it's
just about a raise,
Laurie has a protocol for that.
Money.
No matter how much you make,
it never seems like enough.
But with a little planning,
you'll see that a budget
is like a raise you give yourself.
♪ Oh, what a night Oh, what a night ♪
♪ Oh, yes, it's ladies' night,
and the feeling's right ♪
Let's look at a typical budget
for a Cloud 9 employee.
We'll call her Penny Wise.
Oh, because she's a killer
clown that lives in the sewer?
What? No.
What, wait, I don't think so.
I don't see any expense for food.
I mean, personally, I... I like food.
Anybody else a food person?
Wow, almost all of you.
Well, there's $100 under "other."
That's probably for food.
So we're supposed to live on
under $4 a day for food?
Just don't go eating lobster.
Or just get one lobster and just eat it
a little bit at a time over
the course of several weeks.
That's what I do.
There's no line for
child care, or going to the doctor.
Probably because
they're just planning on us
not getting sick, right?
I eat two-week-old
unrefrigerated lobster.
I'm going to get sick.
So, I just managed to get us
a reservation tonight
at the Italian place with
the Irish name that you love.
O'Brien's Osteria?
Oh, they have the best spaghetti.
It wasn't easy, by the way.
They don't have a host
that takes reservations,
so I had to track down
the owner at a spin class.
I feel like you're just
trying to make up for
totally ditching me in your
lottery fantasy world.
Could be, but I won't be ditching you
as we go home to watch
the Hallmark romantic comedy
of your choosing,
and I won't poke holes
in any of the stories.
Not even if the guy is revealed to be
- the girl's childhood pen pal?
- Nope.
That's, that's just a...
wonderful coincidence.
What else can we do to have
luxury on a budget?
Sometimes, I pee in the shower.
It helps save toilet water.
It's not why I do it, but it's a plus.
I do it to wash my feet.
Urine is sterile.
I save my bathwater to water
the plants in my garden, and vice versa.
We could cut down
on things like lotto tickets.
Or buy more lotto tickets, depending
on whether we win or not.
My friend, Corona,
just keeps her webcams on
all day in her bedroom and her bathroom.
She makes thousands of dollars.
You could be on the lookout
for loose coins.
Vending machines, couch cushions,
the ground near parking meters,
fountains.
ABG. Always Be Gathering.
Or, what if this company
just gave us a little bit
more money so we wouldn't
have to scrounge
for money like street urchins?
This one guy paid Corona $10,000
to fart on a cake.
She went to Cabo.
Oh, well, uh...
Okay, moving on.
Section three, Social Services.
Uncle Sam has your food. Now go get it!
While you were at the
meeting I was checking out
Laurie's Instagram
to see how unavailable she is.
What?
"Nice day for a drive, a golfing drive,
'cause this minx is hitting the links."
Jesus.
The course is not that far from here.
You could just happen to run into her
and then bring up the raise.
I think stalking her on social media
and then hunting her down
while she's playing golf
might come off as a little pushy.
It would come off as a lot pushy.
But pushy people are the ones
that get what they want.
You got to have chutzpah.
- "Chutzpah"?
- Chutzpah.
Okay, fine. But you're coming with me.
- Deal.
- God, you're annoying.
- Annoying or pushy?
- Annoying.
Went with 4, 8, 15, 16, 23, 42.
You picked the numbers from "Lost."
Yeah, are you a fan?
No. Take your business elsewhere.
Hey, you're scaring off customers.
I'm scaring off gambling addicts.
Oh, and you don't care
about the $5,000 bonus
that goes to whoever sells
the winning ticket?
Oh, boy, you think I'm that gullible?
Hey, Sandra, how much does the employee
who sells a winning lotto ticket get?
$5,000.
Look, even if that was true,
which I don't believe it is,
you think I'm just
going to start hauling ass
in the 1-in-7-million chance
that I'm going to sell
the winning ticket?
I didn't ask you to do anything.
Damn it. All right, come on, people.
Let's get this line moving.
You can't win if you don't play.
Let's see what you got here.
We should have a
saltwater pool on the yacht.
Not to swim in, just to be like,
"Hey, ocean, we don't need you.
We've got our own."
And we should hire someone
to bury treasure for us,
- and then we get to find it.
- Is this all on the yacht?
Everything is happening on the yacht.
We are done with land.
You guys know you wouldn't get all
30 million if you won, right?
What are you talking about?
Well, if you want it
all at once, you'd get 18.
Oh, well, I mean, you know,
that's still pretty...
And then, after taxes, 11.
So that's 5 1/2 each.
5 1/2 million?
I guess that's something, right?
- I mean, it's more than we have.
- I guess.
Oh, is that her over there, by the tree?
No, that doesn't look
anything like her, either.
Do you just think all
white women look the same?
No.
I think all these white women
look the same.
Just keep your eyes peeled.
Tell me if you see her.
Well, I mean, that's going to be tough.
At these speeds,
everything is just a blur.
Shut up. I'm not used to these things.
Not everyone grew up
going to country clubs.
I feel like you just think of me as this
like, spoiled rich kid
who spent all of his time
playing tennis and golf.
All right, well, what did
you grow up playing?
- Mostly tennis and some golf.
- Uh...
And I was a pretty decent skier.
Ugh.
Oh, wait, is that her over there?
No, again, that's just...
Oh, wait, yeah, no, that is her.
Yeah, yeah, it is her. Okay, here we go.
I'm going to take a nap.
Wake me up when we get there.
Attention shoppers,
come buy your lottery ticket
at customer service right now.
There are some people who say
the lottery is basically a tax
on lower income, less educated people.
But you know who doesn't say that?
People who win the lottery.
There you go, got to
be in it to win it, girl.
Myrtle, what are you doing here?
- Playing the numbers.
- How you been?
Oh, I've been doing just fine.
I got a job collecting cans
and bottles from the trash.
- Oh.
- It's not bad.
There's some competition, but
I just have to get there at 3:00 a.m.
Yeah, wow.
Hey, you know what? Um...
why don't you give me these
and I'll give you the cash?
Okay? Uh...
$30 sounds about right for all of this.
That's even more than I thought.
- I hope you win.
- Me too.
The nights at the motel
are starting to add up.
Yeah.
So we're just going to say
that we happened to be here golfing,
and that we ran into her,
and then I'll just segue
- into talking about the raise.
- Got it.
Do you want to go over
some possible segues?
Uh, no, I think I'll just find it.
Okay, all right, but
you know, just... just in case,
uh, speaking of golf greens,
I could use a little green myself.
So dumb.
You know what really tees me off?
Low pay.
Um, speaking of a hole-in-one...
Oh, yeah, you're going to kill it.
- Uh oh, she's moving.
- Laurie!
Hey, Laurie! Laurie!
Watch out for the hill right here.
Hey! Hi, Laurie!
I thought that was you.
Oh, Amy, Amy, Amy. Watch out!
Oh, oh, oh, oh!
It doesn't seem like anything is broken,
But just to be safe, I'm going
to need you not to move.
Laurie, I am so sorry.
I was trying to pull up next to you,
but those things
really just don't turn well.
And I'm not saying
this is what happened,
but it is very possible that
someone cut my break lines.
Okay. Can I get up please?
I'm sorry for the wait.
They don't let us
drive the truck on the grass.
Well, while we're waiting,
and... and speaking of
not being able to move,
I too have had trouble moving.
Lately. Past the poverty line.
No, no way, no, what are you doing?
Chutzpah.
So I would love... no,
actually, I think I deserve
an extra buck 50 an hour.
I'm sorry, are you actually
asking me for a raise right now?
- Of course not right now...
- Yes, yes.
That is what I'm doing.
Unless for some reason
I'm not allowed to,
like, medically speaking.
No, no, no, not medically.
But if you're asking
me if it's a good idea
right now to ask for a raise...
No, I wasn't asking your opinion.
- I just needed the info.
- Okay.
With the highest
lottery jackpot in 20 years,
tonight's winning numbers are:
- 4...
- Nope.
- 8...
- 15...
- Nope.
- Dina, we sold 12,742 tickets.
- Yes!
Suck it, Colleen, you pink
ribbon wearing bitch.
If her jaw wasn't wired shut,
I'd make her eat trash!
So this was about
Colleen from Bel-Ridge.
- Oh, yeah.
- Pretty sure I know the answer
to this question, but, uh,
there's no bonus, is there?
Just the bonus of telling
Colleen she can suck it...
No, Sandra. You're not a part of this.
And now, for our
mega jackpot winning number...
42.
It was the numbers from "Lost."
Guess it's back
to washing my futon sheets
like a frickin' nerd.
I like working Thursdays.
You can talk about
how Friday's coming up,
and how Wednesday was, and, yeah.
Enjoy your 5 1/2 million, loser.
- I get seasick anyway.
- Yeah, yeah.
I like living with my cousins.
It's... it's cool.
In what world did you actually think
she was going to give you a raise?
I don't know.
I thought she'd be like,
"You got moxie, kid."
Why, because she's a 1930s
Hollywood producer?
Yes, like, "I'm going to put
you in the pictures, see?"
All right, Sosa up.
This is a stupid game for stupid people.
If you want to move up
the corporate ladder,
you're going to need to
learn how to play golf.
- Okay, golf camp.
- All right, just hear me out.
Okay? So...
So when you pull the club
back, you want to make
- a triangle with your arms.
- Okay.
Just think of yourself as,
like, you're a pendulum.
Okay? You're a clock.
Yeah, but not so loose,
and let's please be careful.
Okay, so next...
Do you, can I...
- Put my arms around...
- Just do it, Jonah.
It's only weird if you talk about it.
Okay, all right.
Okay, so, uh...
- Hands overlap.
- Mm-hmm.
Okay, um, back straight.
Bend your knees. Okay, all right, good.
Now, when you pull back,
good, good, good, good.
- Hey, me again.
- Where are you?
If you won the lottery
and are traveling the world,
at least give me a call first, okay?
So I can cancel our table.
Okay. Bye.
♪
Good, good, okay, now don't swing yet.
All right, when you come forward,
we're going to move with
the power of our whole bodies.
- Okay.
- Okay, not just our arms.
And...
♪
Ah, yes!
- I am so good!
- That was incredible.
Who knew I would be so good at golf?
- I certainly didn't.
- Whoo!
- Yeah.
- Fore!
No, no, no, no, not fore, nobody says...
"Fore" is like a warning,
like you're going to,
your ball is going to
hit somebody in the head.
No, I'm pretty sure you say that
whenever you feel like saying that.
- That is incorrect.
- Fore!
- It's fun, try it.
- See?
- Yeah, that was really good.